[AE-45] Multipath options for `check-license.yml` (#418)
arduino/tooling-project-assets: workflow-templates/check-license.md

- Configure the license filename in the `env.EXPECTED_LICENSE_FILENAME` field of `check-license.yml`.
- Configure the license type in the `env.EXPECTED_LICENSE_TYPE` field of `check-license.yml`.

> - (Optional) If license files should be present outisde the root directory, configure additional `path:` locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) If license files should be present outisde the root directory, add the configuration for additional paths to the `jobs.check-license.strategy.matrix.licenses` array in `check-license.yml`.
```

The previous description was too ambiguous.
